Update docs with the recent changes (#35)
rhd-gitops-example/docs: README.md

They begin by developing code using legacy systems with five engineers who contribute to their own version control system/database and perform testing, quality and security checks themselves, all the code and business decisions can be reviewed within the team. Soon they start to notice a sudden surge in the business and to broaden their business they decide to incorporate more commodities (i.e hardware). To make this happen they now need more developers and realize that their current methods are no longer working well for them. Reason being they cant really tell who makes or breaks their code, accountability is lost.

> They now need a quick fix, on a quick google search they decide to incorporate GitOps, as a [GitOps Day 1 Operations](journey/day1) they want to quickly get started to get their teams up and running . This is when they use our GitOps tools odo bootstrap command to quickly set up their dev, stage and prod environment along with the config repos that create a pipeline for seamless CI/CD with the bootstrapped environments incorporating the [Pipelines Model (aka manifest model)](model). Now the management is happy as they can keep track of the different teams within the organization that are making changes to  their code base and can hold the teams accountable for their actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They now need a quick fix, on a quick google search they decide to incorporate GitOps, as a [GitOps Day 1 Operations](journey/day1) they want to quickly get started to get their teams up and running . This is when they use our GitOps tools odo bootstrap command to quickly set up their dev, stage and prod environment along with the config repos that create a pipeline for seamless CI/CD with the bootstrapped environments incorporating the [Pipelines Model (aka manifest model)](model). Now the management is happy as they can keep track of the different teams within the organization that are making changes to their code base and can hold the teams accountable for their actions.
```

The bootstrapped environment sets up the necessary pipelines using Tekton required for developers/teams to perform CI with their respective environments they are allocated to , they can then check the progress of their development as CD for the applications is performed using ArgoCD constantly maintaining the application on the cluster. Giving users the ability to simply modify the pipelines to their own needs at any point to a more customized approach. A simple push to the GitOps repo can alter the configuration of the GitOps repo and hence the style by which you want to run your organisation, by triggering a CI pipeline , further a merge to master triggers a deployment that further changes the state of your application on the cluster. Giving teams to use the power of OpenShift/Kubernetes to run powerful applications.

> Now we have an a team that set out as a start up but went on to be a full fledged organization with a multiple verticals and business set up in different geographical locations leveraging the use of open shift and GiOps with “ Git as the source of truth”. Now's your chance to ramp up your organization using our modernised approach for end to end application delivery. A simple gitops configuration can be seen [here](https://github.com/ishitasequeira/gitops), all achieved with a list of commands listed in [Odo Pipelines Command Reference](commands) , why wait lets get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we have an a team that set out as a start up but went on to be a full fledged organization with a multiple verticals and business set up in different geographical locations leveraging the use of OpenShift and GitOps with "Git as the source of truth". Now's your chance to ramp up your organization using our modernised approach for end-to-end application delivery. A simple GitOps configuration can be seen [here](https://github.com/rhd-gitops-example/gitops), all achieved with a list of commands listed in [Odo Pipelines Command Reference](commands) , why wait? Lets get started.
```
